There is a lot of information in this course, and I want to make sure you get as much value out of
it as possible.
What I recommend for most students is to first complete the course from start to finish, to give you
a bird's eye view of everything and then return to individual sections later based on where you are
in your own progress.
I've also designed the course to be friendly to people with varying levels of experience so you can
feel free to skip around if something feels a bit redundant to you personally.
For example, if you've already installed WordPress, there's no reason to sit and listen to me talk
about installing WordPress.
That's just a waste of your time.
So please feel free to skip ahead.
Also, before we get started, I just want to thank you for joining me in this course.
I know there are a million other things you could be doing right now, so I really hope to make it worth
your time.
Thanks again and let me know if you have any questions along the way.